#VBA Challenge
My computer crashed entirely on Thursday while trying to download python packages. I was not able to save my code bc I was saving the excel sheet but not the VBA script. Instructor stated that I could turn in at a later date unfortunately prior to my computer crashing on Thursday, I had spent hours working on the code. I couldn't get this done any sooner unfortunately as it is a very complex project. I did use chat gpt to help me debug a few things in this code and a few forums on stack overflow.

The following VBA code is processing multiple years of stock data across 4 quarters across 4 different worksheets in which quarterly stocks statistics. I was tasked with identifying the greatest percentage increase, greatest percentage decrease, and highest volume for each worksheet. The variables must be declared at the start. All of the 20 variables are important but the most important ones are the ones that are used for looping and row tracking: i, rowCount, and summary_table_row. Since we have to repeat the same loop for each worksheet I set a code in order to run through all 4 worksheets. I then set up the summary table that will populate to gather the data that I am trying to retrieve in columns 9-12 for ticker, quarterly change, percent change, and total stock volume. I am making sure that the summary table row starts to output data in row 2. I reset maximum percent, minumum percent and maximum total volume to equal zero. I then set the loop to iterate through each row of the stock data starting from row 2 to the final row depicted by rowCount (i =2 to rowCount). For each row the loop extracts the ticker, date, and opening price. The code calculates the quarter and the year from the date and then uses a nest loop "Do While"-loop to sum the total volume and track the closing price for each quarter. Once the end of a quarter is reached, it calculates the quarterly price and percentage change. The results are outputted to a summary table starting from the second row in columns I to L, and the percentage change is color=coded: green for positive values and red for negative values.

In order to track the greatest percent increase, percent decrease, and highest total volume, the code compares each of the calculated value against the maximum values and updates the maximums wne a new higher or lower value is found. ONce all data for a worksheet is processed, it output these maximums, along with their asosciated tickers, in columns P and Q. Finally, the percent change column is formatted to display values as percentages. The subroutine effectively gives us multi-year stock data into quarterly summaries and highlights the most significant values for analysis acrosss multiple worksheets.
